Add Concept Exercise: `airport-robot` (#362)
exercism/cairo: exercises/concept/airport-robot/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

> The new airport in Berlin hired developers for their robots lab and you are starting your job there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new airport in Berlin hired you as a developer for their robots lab.
```

They have clunky, somewhat humanoid-looking robots that they are trying to use to improve customer service.

> Your first task on the job is to write a program so that the robot can greet people in their native language after they scanned their passports at the self-check-in counter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your first task on the job is to program the robot to greet people in their native language after they scanned their passports at the self-check-in counter.
```

The robot is proud of its abilities so it will always say which language it can speak first and then greet the person.
For example, if someone scans a German passport the robot would say:

```txt
I can speak German: Hallo Dietrich!
```

## 1. Create the abstract greeting functionality

> You will not write the code for the different languages yourself so you need to structure your code for the robot so that other developers can easily add more languages later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will not write the code for the different languages yourself.
You need to structure your code so other developers can easily add languages.
```

As a first step, define a trait `Greeter` with two functions.

> - `language_name` which returns the name of the language (a `ByteArray`) that the robot is supposed to greet the visitor in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `language_name` which returns the language (a `ByteArray`) that the robot will use to greet the visitor.
```

> - `greet` which accepts a visitor's name (a `ByteArray`) and returns a `ByteArray` with the greeting message in a specific language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `greet` which accepts a visitor's name (a `ByteArray`) and returns the greeting message in a specific language (a `ByteArray`).
```

> Next, implement a function `say_hello` that accepts the name of the visitor and anything that implements the `Greeter` trait as arguments and returns the desired greeting `ByteArray`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, implement a function `say_hello` that accepts the name of the visitor and something that implements the `Greeter` trait and returns the desired greeting (a `ByteArray`).
```

For example, imagine a German `Greeter` implementation for which `language_name` returns `"German"` and `greet` returns `"Hallo {name}!"`:

```rust
say_hello("Dietrich", germanGreeter)
// => "I can speak German: Hallo Dietrich!"
```

## 2. Implement Italian

> Now your job is to make the robot work for people that scan Italian passports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now make the robot work for people that scan Italian passports.
```

> For that, create a struct `Italian` and implement the two functions that are needed for the struct to fulfill the `Greeter` trait you set up in task 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a struct `Italian` and implement the two functions to fulfill the `Greeter` trait from task 1.
```

You can greet someone in Italian with `"Ciao {name}!"`.

## 3. Implement French

> Before you call it a day, you are also supposed to finish the functionality to greet people in French.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you call it a day, you are supposed to add functionality to greet people in French.
```

> For that, create a struct `French` and implement the two functions that are needed for the struct to fulfill the `Greeter` trait here as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a struct `French` and implement the two functions to fulfill the `Greeter` trait.
```

# Instructions

The new airport in Berlin hired you as a developer for their robots lab.
They have clunky, somewhat humanoid-looking robots that they are trying to use to improve customer service.

Your first task on the job is to program the robot to greet people in their native language after they scanned their passports at the self-check-in counter.

The robot is proud of its abilities so it will always say which language it can speak first and then greet the person.
For example, if someone scans a German passport the robot would say:

```txt
I can speak German: Hallo Dietrich!
```

## 1. Create the abstract greeting functionality

> You will not write the code for the different languages yourself.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> You will not write the code for the different languages yourself.

Author: @IsaacG how about this:
```md
## 1. Create the abstract greeting functionality

You need to structure your code so that you and other developers can easily add languages.
```
